Update external-resources.md (#1660)
nuxt/docs: en/faq/external-resources.md

## Global Settings

You can include your external resources in the head object or function.

> As described in the [head method](https://nuxtjs.org/api/pages-head/), the following examples show in the first case the use of `head:{}` as an object, and in the second one the `head()` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the [head API docs](https://nuxtjs.org/api/pages-head/), the following examples shows the use of `head` as an object and as a function. 
```
